Update labeling across the documentation (#402)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Receive.md

![](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png)

> Wasabi is not like other Bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy cost/benefits analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi is not like other Bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy costs/benefits analysis.
```

For that reason many of its features depend on each other and a correct understanding of how they play together is critical to achieve and improve the privacy of our transactions.

### Coin control

Coin control is a key feature that enables all the other features.
How could we CoinJoin our coins if we aren't able to select the ones we want to participate with?
How could we know which coins are being spent in a transaction?
How could we decide what to reveal to a KYC exchange?

> Well, it is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well, without coin control it is not possible.
```

Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information to take decisions to protect privacy.

### Labels

As a privacy-oriented solution the focus is always on minimizing how much we reveal about our financial activity.

> For that reason when we create a new address to receive bitcoins, we are forced to label that coin!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that reason when we create a new address to receive bitcoins or when we send a transaction that generates a change coin, we are forced to label that coin!
```

And what kind of information do we have to provide here?
The label has to tell us who is/are the one/s that know about that coin.

For example, if I create a new address to receive a `0.5 BTC` payment from Andrew for a laptop that I sold to him then the label has to be: `Andrew`.

Most of the wallets out there don't care much about privacy (or at least not as much as Wasabi does) and for that reason they don't allow us to attach this critical data to our coins.

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi does not label transactions, but the addresses that control the coins.
```

> The label is not for describing the `reason for payment`, but rather to list the `involved parties`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The label is not for describing the `reason for payment`, but rather to list the `involved parties`.
```

> Understanding this difference between labeling a coin (Wasabi) and describing a transaction (many other wallets) is very important for your privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding this difference between labeling an address (Wasabi) and describing a transaction (many other wallets) is very important for our privacy.
```

### Clusters

> Following with the previous example, if I have to send a fraction (`0.1 BTC`) of the coin received in exchange for my laptop to a Charlie then that transaction label has to be: `Charlie`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following with the previous example, if I have to send a fraction (`0.1 BTC`) of the previously received coin to a Charlie then that transaction label has to be: `Charlie`.
```

But what if the coin is not big enough and we need to use more than one coin?
You can use the one known by Alice or the one known by the KYC exchange, but are you okay with Charlie knowing about your deposit/withdrawal from the exchange?
Are you okay with Alice knowing about your deal with Charlie?
In case none of those combinations are acceptable for you then you should CoinJoin your coins.

### CoinJoined coins

Those that participate in a Wasabi [CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md) transaction receive at least one coin with an anonymity set level that depends on the number of participants in that transaction.
By default Wasabi tries to create transactions with 100 unknown participants, so the received coin can have 100 anonymity set which means it is really hard for an observer to know who that coin belongs to.
For that reason a coin with a high anonymity set loses the cluster which it originally had.

### Automatic selection

As we can see now the correct labeling of coins allows Wasabi to display useful information about who knows about our wallet and how much they know.
It also allows Wasabi to select coins for you if you want (not recommended).

> Basically, if you select all your coins and the amount you want to send is smaller than the total, Wasabi will select only the coins that minimize the number of people that will learn more about your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, if you select all your coins and the amount you want to send is smaller than the total, Wasabi will select only enough coins to minimize the number of people that will learn more about your wallet.
```

### Final words about labels and examples

4 coins with good labels:

```
Andrew
David, Me
Carlos, Sofia
KYC exchange
```

2 coins with bad labels:

```
Payment from Andrew for my laptop
From my old wallet
```

> In case we take the two first coins with good labels and send them to María, look how the change cluster will be displayed: `Maria, Andrew, David, Me` (this people knows about the coin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case we take the two first coins with good labels and send them to María, look how the change cluster will be displayed: `Maria, Andrew, David, Me` (these people know about the coin).
```

![](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png)

> Wasabi is not like most of other bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy cost/benefits analysis.

Reviewer 2: Not really sure whether my suggestion is correct or not.
```suggestion
Wasabi is not like most of other bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy cost/benefits analysis.
```

> Wasabi is not like most of other bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy cost/benefits analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi is not like other Bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy cost/benefits analysis.
```

> For that reason many features depend on each other and a correct understanding of how they play together is critical to achieve and improve the privacy of our transactions.

Reviewer 2: Just a comment: I think this is okay but imo we want to improve the privacy of our wallet. Probably it is the same.

> For that reason many features depend on each other and a correct understanding of how they play together is critical to achieve and improve the privacy of our transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that reason many of its features depend on each other and a correct understanding of how they play together is critical to achieve and improve the privacy of our transactions.
```

### Coin control

> Coin control is a key feature that enables all the rest of features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coin control is a key feature that enables all the other features.
```

> How could we CoinJoin our coins if we weren't able to select those coins we want to participate with?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How could we CoinJoin our coins if we aren't able to select the ones we want to participate with?
```

> How could we know which coins are being spend in a transaction without a coin control?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How could we know which coins are being spent in a transaction?
```

> How could we decide what to reveal to a KYC exchange without this feature?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How could we decide what to reveal to a KYC exchange?
```

Well, it is not possible.

> Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information to take decisions about privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information to take decisions to protect privacy.
```

> Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information information to take decisions about privacy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information to take decisions about privacy.
```

### Labels

> As a privacy-oriented solution the focus is always on minimizing how much we reveal about our financial activity to others. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a privacy-oriented solution the focus is always on minimizing how much we reveal about our financial activity.
```

For that reason when we create a new address to receive bitcoins, we are forced to label that coin!
And what kind of information do we have to provide here?
The label has to tell us who is/are the one/s that know about that coin.

For example, if I create a new address to receive a `0.5 BTC` payment from Andrew for an old laptop that I sold to him then the label has to be: `Andrew`.

> Most of other wallets out there don't care much about privacy (or at least not so much as Wasabi does) and for that reason the don't allow us to attach this critical data to our coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the wallets out there don't care much about privacy (or at least not as much as Wasabi does) and for that reason they don't allow us to attach this critical data to our coins.
```

> Most of other wallets out there don't care much about privacy (or at least no so much as Wasabi does) and for that reason the don't allow us to attach this critical data to our coins.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if my suggestion is correct, i am not good in English.

```suggestion
Most of other wallets out there don't care much about privacy (or at least not so much as Wasabi does) and for that reason the don't allow us to attach this critical data to our coins.
```

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer 2: We label the scriptPubKey of the output that will be created by the receiving transaction.

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer: Addresses shouldn't be reused but they are, so if I label a receiving address 'Adam' and I get a coin from him, then I share the address with `Bob` and I get a coin from him, Bob's coin will be labeled 'Adam'.

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer 3: If you give the same address first to `Adam`, then to `Bob`, then you should re-label the address to `Adam, Bob`.

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer: I agree @MaxHillebrand, thus we should say `Wasabi does not label transactions, but the addresses that control the coins.` maybe?

> Wasabi does not label transactions, but the coins that are associated with them.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that is okay.

The label is not for describing the `reason for payment`, but rather to list the `involved parties`. 
Understanding this difference between labeling a coin (Wasabi) and describing a transaction (Many other wallets) is critical important for your privacy.

### Clusters

> Following with the previous example, if I have to send a fraction (`0.1 BTC`) of the coin received in exchange for my laptop to a Charlie then that transaction label has to be: `Charlie`.

Reviewer 2: ummm?

> Following with the previous example, if I have to send a fraction (`0.1 BTC`) of the coin received in exchange for my laptop to a Charlie then that transaction label has to be: `Charlie`.

Reviewer: I didn't understand that sentence correctly again. how about this:
```
Following with the previous example, if I have to send a fraction (`0.1 BTC`) of the previously received coin to a Charlie then that transaction label has to be: `Charlie`.
```

In that way, the change (`0.3999xxx BTC`) will be known by Andrew and Charlie because they both will be able to follow the change.
That's exactly what Wasabi displays in the coins list (cluster column), Wasabi tells us who are the ones that know about each of our coins in order to allow us to decide what to do with our coins.

Let's make now another example.
Imagine you have other coins, let say one known by Alice, other known by Coinbase and finally one know by Charlie.
Imagine you need to sell a few sats to Charlie, which coin/s should you send?
The obvious election is the one already known by Charlie because doing that he cannot learn anything new about our wallet, moreover, nobody can learn anything new!
But what if the coin is not big enough and we need to use more than one coin?
You can use the one known by Alice or the one known by Coinbase but, are you okay with Charlie knowing about your deposit (or withdrawal) from the exchange?
Are you okay with Alice knowing about your deal with Charlie?
In case none of those combinations are acceptable for you then you should CoinJoin your coins.

### CoinJoined coins

> Those that participate in a Wasabi CoinJoin transaction receive at least one coin with a anonymity set level that depends on the number of participants in that transaction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Those that participate in a Wasabi [CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md) transaction receive at least one coin with a anonymity set level that depends on the number of participants in that transaction.
```

> By default Wasabi tries to create transactions with 100 unknown participants so, the received coin can have 100 anonymity set what means that it is really hard for an observer to know who that coin belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Wasabi tries to create transactions with 100 unknown participants, so the received coin can have 100 anonymity set which means it is really hard for an observer to know who that coin belongs to.
```

> For that reason a coin with high anonymity set loses the cluster which it originally belonged to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that reason a coin with a high anonymity set loses the cluster which it originally had.
```

> For that reason a coin with high anonymity set loses the cluster original cluster which it belonged.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For that reason a coin with high anonymity set loses the cluster which it originally belonged to.
```

### Automatic selection

> As we can see now the correct labeling of coins allows Wasabi to display useful information about who know about our wallet and how much they know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see now the correct labeling of coins allows Wasabi to display useful information about who knows about our wallet and how much they know.
```

> It also allow Wasabi to select coins for you if you want (not recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also allows Wasabi to select coins for you if you want (not recommended).
```

> Basically, if you select all your coins Wasabi will select those that minimize the number of people that will learn more about your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, if you select all your coins and the amount you want to send is smaller than the total, Wasabi will select only the coins that minimize the number of people that will learn more about your wallet.
```

> In #twoweeks Wasabi will implement a selection strategy that chooses the coins based on the receiver knowledge of our coins by sending him/her those that are already known by him/her, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In #twoweeks Wasabi will implement a selection strategy that chooses the coins based on the receiver knowledge of our coins by sending him/her those that are already known by him/her, etc.

Reviewer 2: Remove the joke please (#twoweeks) it will not be in two weeks and we don't know if it will accepted.

Reviewer: > it will not be in two weeks and we don't know if it will accepted.

Then maybe we should remove all this sentence, because if it is not accepted then we have to remove it in the future and we might forget about it.

Reviewer 2: Yes, we should remove it.

> It #twoweeks Wasabi will implement a selection strategy that chooses the coins based on the receiver knowledge of our coins by sending him/her those that are already known by him/her, etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In #twoweeks Wasabi will implement a selection strategy that chooses the coins based on the receiver knowledge of our coins by sending him/her those that are already known by him/her, etc.
```

### Final words about labels and examples

4 coins with good labels:

```
Andrew
David, Me
Carlos, Sofia
Coinbase
```

2 coins with bad labels:

```

> Payment from Andrew for my old laptop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payment from Andrew for my laptop
```

> Coinbase

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
KYC exchange
```

Author: I don't know Max, in my opinion we should stick to Coinbase and not a general KYC exchange label

Reviewer 3: My reason is:

1. I don't want to give Conbase free advertising. 
2. The problem is not with Conbase, but with all KYC exchanges.

From my old wallet
```

> In case we take the two first coins with good labels and send that to María, look how the change cluster will be displayed: `Maria, Andrew, David, Me` (this people knows about the coin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case we take the two first coins with good labels and send them to María, look how the change cluster will be displayed: `Maria, Andrew, David, Me` (this people knows about the coin).
```

> Now, look how this will be displayed if I use the two coins with bad labels: `Maria, Payment from Andrew for my old laptop, From my old wallet` (what the heck is this telling me!?)

Reviewer 2: uhmmm... I know this is my text but given this is part of the official documentation (in reddit it was my personal opinion) I would improve the `What the heck`, probably with something like `Is this high-quality info about the privacy level of my coin? Ofcourse not`

> Now, look how this will be displayed if I use the two coins with bad labels: `Maria, Payment from Andrew for my old laptop, From my old wallet` (Is this high-quality info about the privacy level of my coin? Of course not).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, look how this will be displayed if I use the two coins with bad labels: `Maria, Payment from Andrew for my laptop, From my old wallet` (Is this high-quality info about the privacy level of my coin? Of course not).
```

> So, think in coins, think in who knows and think that you have to take decisions about privacy based on what you are going to reveal to whom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, think about coins, think about who knows and make sure to take decisions about privacy based on what you are going to reveal and to whom.
```

> Wasabi doesn't care about why you transact with bitcoins, it only cares about who you transact with because it need to take care of your privacy.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Wasabi doesn't care about why you transact with bitcoins, it only cares about who you transact with, because this is what helps you reclaim your privacy.
```
